Doctors save lives. I go to my doctor periodically for checkup.He treats his patients with a lot of care. Many people go to him for treatment. 
A doctor dedicates his life to the service of the patients. He or she relieves the sufferings and pain of mankind. 
He cures them from disease and illness. He strives to make the life of others better and healthier.
The doctor works to prevent the spread of epidemics. Every now and then dangerous diseases affect humanity. 
It is the doctor who finds the cure. Sometimes it may take years of painstaking work and research to find the cure, but ultimately the success is achieved.
A doctor’s life is hard. Often, he has to visit the patient at off hours foregoing his rest, sleep and even food.
Sometimes the doctor has to work throughout the day and night attending to serious patients or victims of war, epidemic or major accident. 
He has to always treat his patients with a smile and cheer. He motivates and encourages sick people. 
He is a source of hope and strength. Even in distress his duty is first towards his patient.
A doctor looks after the sick persons and prescribes medicines that give them relief. He is an important person. 
He gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic. He works day and night. A doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people. 
He also knows how to dress and heal wounds. A doctor is a great friend of the sick. 
He always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable. He never gets irritated and does his best for the sick. 
A doctor’s life is hard. He or she does not have much time for sleep and rest. He has to remain on duty in the hospital. 
A doctor fights disease and death. He saves many lives. He speaks softly to his patients.
A doctor’s profession is noble. A doctor is just like God for the patients. We should be grateful to the doctor. 
We must respect him. A doctor is an important person. He gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic. 
He works day and night. A doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people. He also knows how to dress and heal wounds. 
A doctor is a great friend of the sick. He always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
He never gets irritated and does his best for the sick. A doctor’s life is hard. He or she does not have much time for sleep and rest.
He has to remain on duty in the hospital. A doctor fights disease and death. He saves many lives. 
He speaks softly to his patients. He shall always be ready to serve the sick patients, whenever needed, be it a day or at night. 
As a doctor, being a social worker who has to perform the sacred duty and responsibility of serving the people of my country.
If it is defined that a poor patient could not afford the doctor’s fee or even the cost of the medicines, He comes forward to waive the former and pay in cash money for the latter.
He feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
The doctor will always be needed. Because of this, and because of the population growth, doctors will always be in demand and the profession will continue to grow. 
This way, a doctor will be unemployed less and will be more secure, financially.
A doctor’s profession is noble. A doctor is just like a god for the patients. We should be grateful to the doctor. We must respect him.
The Doctor is a noble profession. A doctor’s duty is to treat and cure sick people. 
In this profession one must have an intention of serving humanity. This is one of the professions which earn too much respect in society. 
Unlike many other professions, a doctor treats people belonging to different religions, castes and creeds.
He never discriminates among his patients nor ever he lets patients feel their religion, caste or creed. 
He does the pure service of all mankind. This field is very vast. For different diseases there are different doctors.
Those who treat physical ailments are called physicians while the one who treat mental disease are called psychiatrists. 
On the other hand, one who cures our teeth is called a dentist, one who does surgeries is called a surgeon and the one who diagnoses heart problems is called a cardiologist and so on. 
There are numerous diseases and  for each there is a specialized doctor.
A doctor lives a routine life. He wakes up early in the morning and goes to clinic or hospital and works there all day long and returns home in the evening. 
Sometimes a doctor renders his duty at night. Whenever, there is an emergency or any patient is admitted at hospital at night doctor leaves his bed and goes there to treat or provide first aid to the patients.
One can say that a doctor’s life is very hard. It is not a bed of roses it is a bed of thorns because one being a doctor can not let his patients suffer or feel uncomfortable.
Whether it is day or late night a doctor stands active over his patient and tries his level best to provide relief and comfort to his subjects.
They never get irritated over sickness despite having such a hectic routine. A good doctor is someone who serves and treats a patient regardless of his or her urgent works.
The Doctors are good friends of the sick and ill. They speak with patients politely and humbly. A doctor always tries to keep his patient comfortable and relaxed. 
He always wears a smile on his face and behaves very softly with his patients.
Doctors are very necessary, they are next to God for sick and ill people.
There are several diseases. Only doctors fight against those diseases and treat infected people.
It is a doctor who saves many lives. If there had not been doctors many people had died because of diseases and ailments.
Only a doctor can understand the disease or any pain that is caused in the human body and they prescribe medicines to alleviate our suffering.
They spend their whole life studying and understanding the diseases caused in humans. Only they have proper skills and treatments to save lives.
Doctors not only treat us when we are sick or ill. They advise and suggest productive ways to stay healthy and strong.
Only doctors have knowledge of medicines. One can not eat a tablet without consulting a doctor.
Their years of practice enable them to diagnose a patient and execute treatment. Without doctors there will be no cure nor treatment.
One who is sick or ill can know the worth of a doctor. It is he who gives a new life to the dying.
Many epidemic, contagious and deadly diseases are cured and controlled by doctors. They play an important role to give us a healthy society.
