I like all my teachers but ma’am is my favourite among all.
She is our class teacher. She takes our attendance daily in the morning.
She teaches us Mathematics.
I love the subject.
I used to dislike Mathematics earlier. But ma’am teaches it in an interesting way. Now
She is the best teacher and is the favourite of most of my classmates too.
She is a very sweet and kind person.
She explains everything in an easy and fun way.
Whenever we are not able to understand anything  she patiently teaches it again and again.
She also knows so much news and facts in the world so that she tells us all those current affairs to improve our general knowledge.
She teaches us good habits and moral values. She is an ideal teacher.
Teaching is a noble profession and a good teacher is always a gift of God upon us.
All teachers of my school are very good but my favorite teacher is sir
Sir  is our class teacher and he teaches us English and Social studies.
Sir is very kind, lovely and he always smiles.
Sir teaches us very kindly. He makes difficult things very easy to understand.
Due to his lovely teaching style the students of his subjects are very bright and intelligent.
Sir has won many good teaching awards in our school and he is liked by all.
Due to his lovely teaching style  no one misses his class.
Sir always inspires us and he makes us to do something good in our life.
We always feel blessed by God on having a lovely teacher like sir.
Teachers are the ones who plant the seeds of knowledge  sprinkle them and patiently nurtures their growth to produce tomorrow’s dreams
My favorite teacher is name. She is teaching subject.
I like my teacher very much because she is friendly and caring towards everyone.
Her class and subject have become my favorite subject. I love studying History,Mathematics,English,Geography.
She is the best teacher in the school and is liked by all of my friends.
She is a helpful person and supports weak students
A teacher is an important person in everyone’s life. 
She brings good education and lays the foundation for good habits.
For students  a teacher is the one who influences their character, habits, career, and education in life.
I have a teacher in my life who was important to me.
I study at school name. My favorite teacher is name.
She is teaching subject. She is a sweet person who is kind and loving to all students.
She is not only jovial and kind but is also string whenever needed.
She is well educated and knows a lot about the subject. 
She also knows so many news and facts in the world so that she tells us all those current affairs to improve our general knowledge.
She has taught us so many things in the classroom.
I have learnt to be disciplined and punctual for the class.
She used to give us so many projects
She uses easy and appropriate ways to teach us good things.
She guides us through our difficult times and encourages when we are down. We enjoy attending her class. 
She also gives us practical exercises and moral lessons during the classroom which helped us improve our subject knowledge. 
I study at school name. My favorite teacher is name. She is teaching subject.  
She is always smiling and kind to the students. 
Her friendly approach is very much liked by everyone in the class. 
She teaches very well and makes you understand the subject with fun learning. 
We are more involved in her class than any other subject classes.
There is a lot of fun during her classes. She is also patient and easygoing when we are naughty in the class. 
She is very enthusiastic to teach and clears all our doubts whenever we ask questions in her classes. 
She does not scold or beat us in the class unnecessarily. 
She disciplines us and teaches us good behavior. 
But when we do wrong she explains to us.
my teacher is very understanding.
my teacher is very caring and understanding.
She is very caring towards weak students and helps them in their studies even after class hours.
We all like her very much and wish her to be taking classes for us every year.
A good teacher is one who is well-prepared. They always care for their students even outside the classroom. 
They instill good values in them and teach them subjects efficiently.
My teacher has deep knowledge about her subject.
She is very patient and solves each and every doubt of the students in her class.
Madam always makes sure that all the students understand the concepts very well.
Our Sir is a jolly natured person but at the same time ensures discipline in the classroom.
He is a very knowledgeable person and believes that learning never ends.
She always encourages us to ask doubts and patiently answers each one of them.
Teachers scold and correct students when they do something wrong and teach them how to be disciplined.
Our madam is very kind and focuses on understanding, she is willing to teach the concepts again when students have doubts. 
Sir gives special attention to students who are weak in studies so that they are able to learn like others.  
Teachers are the role models, mentors, guides and important people in a student’s life.
Some teachers are very serious while others are always happy and jolly.
He is always punctual and and doesn’t allow coming late to the classroom
Teachers also teach us the value of time and tell us to be punctual, responsible and organized.
Teachers are always punctual and come on time and teaches students and all of us punctuality and discipline

