The Prime Minister of India is the leader of the majority party in Lok Sabha and is the head of the Council of Ministers.
His functions include to aid and advise the President in the exercise of his functions.
The Office of Prime Minister or the Prime Minister’s Office, also referred to as the PMO, is the Secretariat of the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister of India is the highest elected representative of the people and the advice of the Cabinet to the President is binding, which makes the Prime Minister the de facto Head of State.
It was the 42nd and 44th Amendment to the Constitution that had the effect of making the President bound to act on the advice of the Cabinet.
The Prime Minister addresses his resignation to the President of India and with resignation of the Prime Minister the Lok Sabha dissolves automatically.
The Prime Minister communicates to the President all decisions of the Council of Ministers relating to the administration of the affairs of the Union and proposals for legislation. 
The Prime Minister coordinates the Government’s preparation and consideration of  matters to be decided by the European Union.
The Prime Minister chairs plenary sessions of the Government and has the right to decide the days and the order for the presentation of business in the sessions. 
The Prime Minister may also require presentation of a particular item of business to the Government plenary session by a set date. 
On the proposal of the Prime Minister or the minister under whose mandate the matter in hand falls, the government plenary session may transfer a matter coming under the mandate of an individual ministry for decision in plenary session.
The Prime Minister chairs all statutory Ministerial Committees and also the sessions of the Economic Council, the Research and Innovation Council and the Title Board.
The Prime Minister is head of the Prime Minister's Office. The role of the Prime Minister's Office is to ensure that the activities of the Prime Minister and Government flow smoothly in all circumstances.
The Prime Minister's Office is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Government Programme and assisting the Prime Minister in the general management of Government activities.
The Prime Minister is the political leader of the Government and is responsible for reconciling the differing views on Government policy held by the various groups represented in the Government.
The Prime Minister is also responsible for coordinating Government work with that of Parliament.
Under the Constitution, the President of the Republic may dissolve Parliament and call fresh elections only on receipt of a request from the Prime Minister and having first consulted the party groups in Parliament.
The Prime Minister stands in for the President of the Republic whenever the President is prevented from carrying out his or her duties. 
In practice, the Prime Minister stands in for the President in cases where it will be necessary during the course of a presidential trip abroad to take decisions in presidential sessions.
The Prime Minister of India is the leader of the executive of the Government of India. The prime minister is also the chief adviser to the president of India and head of the Council of Ministers. They can be a member of any of the two houses of the Parliament of India—the Lok Sabha (House of the People) and the Rajya Sabha (Council of the States)—but have to be a member of the political party or coalition, having a majority in the Lok Sabha.
The prime minister is the senior-most member of cabinet in the executive of government in a parliamentary system. The prime minister selects and can dismiss members of the cabinet; allocates posts to members within the government; and is the presiding member and chairperson of the cabinet.
The Union Cabinet headed by the prime minister is appointed by the president of India to assist the latter in the administration of the affairs of the executive. The Union cabinet is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha. The prime minister has to enjoy the confidence of a majority in the Lok Sabha and shall resign if they are unable to prove majority when instructed by the president.
India follows a parliamentary system in which the prime minister is the presiding head of the government and chief of the executive of the government. In such systems, the head of state, or, the head of state's official representative (i.e., the monarch, president, or governor-general) usually holds a purely ceremonial position and acts—on most matters—only on the advice of the prime minister.
The prime minister—if they are not already—shall become a member of parliament within six months of beginning his/her tenure. A prime minister is expected to work with other central ministers to ensure the passage of bills by the parliament.
The prime minister leads the functioning and exercise of authority of the government of India. The president of India—subject to eligibility—invites a person who is commanding support of majority members of Lok Sabha to form the government of India—also known as the central government or Union government—at the national level and exercise its powers.In practice the prime minister nominates the members of their council of ministers to the president. They also work upon to decide a core group of ministers (known as the cabinet), as in charge of the important functions and ministries of the government of India.
The prime minister is responsible for aiding and advising the president in distribution of work of the government to various ministries and offices and in terms of the Government of India The coordinating work is generally allocated to the Cabinet Secretariat.While the work of the government is generally divided into various Ministries, the prime minister may retain certain portfolios if they are not allocated to any member of the cabinet.
The prime minister—in consultation with the cabinet—schedules and attends the sessions of the houses of parliament and is required to answer the question from the Members of Parliament to them as the in-charge of the portfolios in the capacity as prime minister of India.
Some specific ministries/departments are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the prime minister themself. 
The current Prime Minister of the country is Narendra Modi. He has won the election twice in a row.
He is my favourite Prime Minister. He is very kind and is known for making tactical and timely decisions.
The Prime Minister of India is the leader of the country and is responsible for leading from the front and towards growth.
Many citizens of the country admire and adore him.  
Narendra modi is the leader of our nation
Narendra modi is favourite leader of our country
Narendra modi is the best prime minister.
He is a favourite prime minister among all.


